c:/users/jkb/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/transit-test.exe.config
c:/users/jkb/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/transit-test.exe
c:/users/jkb/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/transit-test.pdb
c:/users/jkb/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/GtfsRealtimeBindings.dll
c:/users/jkb/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/protobuf-net.dll
c:/users/jkb/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/protobuf-net.pdb
c:/users/jkb/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/protobuf-net.xml
c:/users/jkb/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.exe
c:/users/jkb/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.pdb
C:/Users/jkb/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:/Users/jkb/Desktop/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/transit-test.exe.config
C:/Users/jkb/Desktop/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.exe
C:/Users/jkb/Desktop/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.pdb
C:/Users/jkb/Desktop/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/transit-test.exe
C:/Users/jkb/Desktop/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/transit-test.pdb
C:/Users/jkb/Desktop/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/GtfsRealtimeBindings.dll
C:/Users/jkb/Desktop/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/protobuf-net.dll
C:/Users/jkb/Desktop/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/protobuf-net.pdb
C:/Users/jkb/Desktop/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/protobuf-net.xml
C:/Users/jkb/Desktop/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/inworks/Desktop/Hacking the Denver Metro/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/transit-test.exe.config
/Users/inworks/Desktop/Hacking the Denver Metro/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/transit-test.exe
/Users/inworks/Desktop/Hacking the Denver Metro/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/transit-test.pdb
/Users/inworks/Desktop/Hacking the Denver Metro/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/GtfsRealtimeBindings.dll
/Users/inworks/Desktop/Hacking the Denver Metro/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/protobuf-net.dll
/Users/inworks/Desktop/Hacking the Denver Metro/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/protobuf-net.xml
/Users/inworks/Desktop/Hacking the Denver Metro/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.csproj.transit-test.exe.config
/Users/inworks/Desktop/Hacking the Denver Metro/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/inworks/Desktop/Hacking the Denver Metro/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.exe
/Users/inworks/Desktop/Hacking the Denver Metro/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.pdb
/Users/vmakarov/IoT_RTD_Project/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/transit-test.exe.config
/Users/vmakarov/IoT_RTD_Project/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/transit-test.exe
/Users/vmakarov/IoT_RTD_Project/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/transit-test.pdb
/Users/vmakarov/IoT_RTD_Project/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/GtfsRealtimeBindings.dll
/Users/vmakarov/IoT_RTD_Project/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/protobuf-net.dll
/Users/vmakarov/IoT_RTD_Project/transit-test/transit-test/bin/Debug/protobuf-net.xml
/Users/vmakarov/IoT_RTD_Project/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/vmakarov/IoT_RTD_Project/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.csproj.transit-test.exe.config
/Users/vmakarov/IoT_RTD_Project/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/vmakarov/IoT_RTD_Project/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.exe
/Users/vmakarov/IoT_RTD_Project/transit-test/transit-test/obj/Debug/transit-test.pdb
C:\Users\mark\Documents\GitHub\IoT_RTD_Project\transit-test\transit-test\bin\Debug\transit-test.exe.config
C:\Users\mark\Documents\GitHub\IoT_RTD_Project\transit-test\transit-test\obj\Debug\transit-test.exe
C:\Users\mark\Documents\GitHub\IoT_RTD_Project\transit-test\transit-test\obj\Debug\transit-test.pdb
C:\Users\mark\Documents\GitHub\IoT_RTD_Project\transit-test\transit-test\bin\Debug\transit-test.exe
C:\Users\mark\Documents\GitHub\IoT_RTD_Project\transit-test\transit-test\bin\Debug\transit-test.pdb
C:\Users\mark\Documents\GitHub\IoT_RTD_Project\transit-test\transit-test\bin\Debug\GtfsRealtimeBindings.dll
C:\Users\mark\Documents\GitHub\IoT_RTD_Project\transit-test\transit-test\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.dll
C:\Users\mark\Documents\GitHub\IoT_RTD_Project\transit-test\transit-test\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.xml
C:\Users\mark\Documents\GitHub\IoT_RTD_Project\transit-test\transit-test\obj\Debug\transit-test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mark\Documents\GitHub\IoT_RTD_Project\transit-test\transit-test\obj\Debug\transit-test.csproj.transit-test.exe.config
